Update incubation & graduation templates (#1516)
cncf/toc: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/template-incubation-application.md

labels: incubation
---

# Review Project Moving Level Evaluation

> [ ] I have reviewed the project moving level evaluation guide and ensured the criterias are met for my project before opening the issue.

Author: ```suggestion
[ ] I have reviewed the project [moving level evaluation guide](/operations/dd-toc-guide.md#initial-triageevaluation-prior-to-assignment) and ensured the criterias are met for my project before opening the issue.
```

> [ ] I have reviewed the project [moving level evaluation guide](/operations/dd-toc-guide.md#initial-triageevaluation-prior-to-assignment) and ensured the criterias are met for my project before opening the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ ] I have reviewed the TOC's [moving level readiness triage guide](/operations/dd-toc-guide.md#initial-triageevaluation-prior-to-assignment), ensured the criteria for my project are met before opening this issue, and understand that unmet criteria will result in the project's application being closed.
```
